The Search for the White Wave
by Melchior Dahrk
for the 2023 Winter ModJam

Themes: Dangers of Vvardenfell - Sea of Ghosts - Birds of a Feather Flock Together

A scientific expedition headed into the Sea of Ghosts has failed to report on their progress. An investigator from the Imperial Navy has been dispatched to locate the White Wave and is looking for a hand. Join his crew to unravel what happened to the White Wave in the frozen northern waters...

Playing the plugin:
Talk to Devos Artarian at the Dagon Fel docks.


Features:
Explore a frozen iceberg zone in the Sea of Ghosts
Unravel the mystery of the White Wave
Voiced lines from the new characters
Earn a unique keepsake at the end of the quest


Compatibility
Temporarily adds a ship to Dagon Fel but it is removed when the quest starts. May conflict with any mods which move the Dagon Fel docks location.

Note that the galleon and cutter sets included in this mod are free to use but will be properly included in the next OAAB_Data update with additional fixes. This mod will be updated at that time to no longer include those assets.

This mod has been playtested in both the vanilla (MGE XE, MWSE, MCP) and OpenMW engines.


Installation:
00 Core - the base files
01 MWSE Addons - includes several things:
	interop to add tooltips to a couple items from this mod (requires Tooltips Complete)
	interop for quest notifications (requires SSQN)
	interop for 2 custom achievements (requires The Achievement Framework)
	custom music
	override file to make the ship at Dagon Fel not affect distant land
01 OpenMW Addons - SSQN support
02 HD Textures
03 Music (OpenMW - S3maphore) - Requires S3maphore


Credits:
Greatness7 for troubleshooting support and for the MWSE-Lua code for music
tewlwolow for troubleshooting support
Tamriel_Data for the ice peaks


Permissions
You are free to:
Adapt - remix, transform, and build upon the material

Under the following terms:
Attribution - You must give appropriate credit.
Non-Commercial - You may not use the material for commercial purposes (i.e. no payment of monetary compensation as a condition for the download).

If author(s) is/are not able to be contacted through a reasonable effort,
Then you are free to copy and redistribute the material for use in The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind


Changelog:
1.0 - Initial release
1.1 - Added HD texture override option (default are SD textures)
1.2 - Fixed rope placement issue on Silver Lark. Moved rowboat position in Dagon Fel. Tweaked lighting in the White Wave. Edited loot on the White Wave.
1.3 - Removed galleon assets which are now included in OAAB_Data. Nerfed ice wraiths. Made the Captain's Key easier to find. Cleaned dirty edits. Made it so the ravens in the icy cave are animated. Added SSQN support. Added fomod.
1.4 - Slightly moved Devos and his rowboat in Dagon Fel for compatibility with Sheogorad - Groves of the North. Added OpenMW SSQN support. Added more weather types to the Sea of Ghosts region. Added custom music for the new cells (support for both OpenMW and MWSE). Added lots more sound emitters to cells to improve ambiance. Cleaned plugin.
1.5 - MWSE version no longer requires MUSE to play music. Fixed incorrect encoding on music mp3s. Fixed SSQN icon path. Fixed travel script functionality in OpenMW. Fixed some placement of some barrels in the icy cave with the latest OAAB_Data. Added new secret to the Sea of Ghosts area. Added 2 custom achievements (requires MWSE + The Achievement Framework).
1.6 - Updated S3maphore script for the latest version of that mod.








The ways this mod meets the themes is [SPOILER] territory. So read on at your own discretion:





SPOILERS
SPOILERS
SPOILERS
SPOILERS
SPOILERS
SPOILERS








SPOILERS
SPOILERS
SPOILERS
SPOILERS
SPOILERS
SPOILERS





Dangers of Vvardenfell - the 6th House
Sea of Ghosts - the White Wave is lost in the Sea of Ghosts
Birds of a Feather Flock Together - ravens can be found during the mod, they congregate at the end